-- Compilation --
  
Shouldn't need to compile.
However if you do...
cd to /cs488-good, premake4 gmake, make
cd to /cs488-good/A3, premake4 gmake, make

Note that if you make clean in the /cs488-good directory this will remove the sound library libIrrKlang.so from /cs488-good/lib.
There is a copy of the library in /cs488-good so just copy it back to /cs488-good/lib after the make clean.

To run execute ./run in the cs488-good/A3 directory
This is because I had to provide it a path to the shared library via command line

Tested on lab computer gl38.student.cs

-- Objectives --
Model the scene
UI - score, orbs collected, keyboard input
Texture mapping - buildings, vortex
Normal mapping - concrete slabs on top of buildings
Collisions - cannot move through buildings or slabs, can collect orbs
Animation - not done
Particles - jetpack
Motion blur - see below
Physics - gravity and a wind gust triggered once in a random amount of jumps
Sounds - gusts of wind heard after jumping (again random: 1/3)

-- Manual --

Basic functionality:
W - turn forward
A - turn left
D - turn right
Spacebar - jump

Try and survive the longest by jumping from building to building
Orbs will reduce the pushing effects of wind at the cost of increasing your movement speed

Extra functionality:


TO TEST COLLISONS
C - toggles test collisions mode. In collisions test mode:
	You are no longer continually pushed forward so its easier to test collisions.
	WAD, Spacebar no longer work. 
	The arrow keys control forward/backward/side-to-side movement. 
	The R and F keys move you up and down. 
	Spheres are no longer collected - they are impassable
	You can press c again to return to the original mode
0 - toggles bounding ellipse visual

TO TEST NORMAL MAPPING
1 & 2 - switch the direction vector of the directional light to one of two predefined locations
	1 = vec3( 0.0, 1.0, 1.0 ) - this is from the fragment to the light, so the light is behind the camera and up
	2 = vec3( 0.0, 0.0, 1.0 ) - this if from the fragment to the light, so the light is behind the camera
M & N - rotates the (light) direction vector in a circle around the y axis (hold them down) so you can see how the normal map changes wrt the light direction.
3 - toggles a rendering of only the diffuse texture (shows flatness)

TO TEST TEXTURES
4 - toggles building/vortex textures on/off

TO TEST CUBEMAP/SKYBOX
5 - toggles the vortex on/off (the vortex covers the bottom of the cubemap)
6 - moves to a skybox viewing mode. The arrow keys and R and F can be used to look at each side of the cubemap. You'll have to quit after this

TO TEST MOTION BLUR
7 - is to toggle motion blur on/off (without needing to hit a certain speed)
8 - is to disable motion blur (it will turn on automatically once a certain speed is hit). Can be kind of annoying

TO TEST PHYSICS / SOUND
9 - toggle wind to activate every jump

TO TEST ANIMATION
close your eyes and pretend that I did it.
